Thank you. This may be the most important speech I’ve ever made. I want to provide an 
update on our ongoing efforts to expose the tremendous voter fraud and irregularities which 
took place during the ridiculously long November 3rd elections. We used to have what was 
called, election day. Now we have election days, weeks, and months, and lots of bad things 
happened during this ridiculous period of time, especially when you have to prove almost 
nothing to exercise our greatest privilege, the right to vote. As President, I have no higher 
duty than to defend the laws and the Constitution of the United States. That is 
why I am determined to protect our election system, which is now under coordinated assault 
and siege. For months, leading up to the Presidential election, we were warned that we should 
not declare a premature victory. We were told repeatedly that it would take weeks if not, 
months, to determine the winner, to count the absentee ballots and to verify 
the results. My opponent was told to stay away from the election, don’t campaign. “We don’t 
need you. We’ve got it. This election is done.” In fact, they were acting like they already 
knew what the outcome was going to be. They had it covered and perhaps they did, very 
sadly for our country. It was all very, very strange. Within days after the election, 
we witnessed an orchestrated effort to anoint the winner even while many key states were 
still being counted. The constitutional process must be allowed to continue. We’re going to 
defend the honesty of the vote by ensuring that every legal ballot is counted and that no 
illegal ballot is counted. This is not just about honoring the votes of 74 million 
Americans who voted for me, it’s about ensuring that Americans can have faith in 
this election and in all future elections.
Today I will detail some of the shocking irregularities, abuses and fraud that had been 
revealed in recent weeks but before laying out just a small portion of the evidence we have 
uncovered, and we have so much evidence, I want to explain the corrupt mail-in balloting 
scheme that Democrats systematically put into place that allowed voting to be altered, 
especially in swing states, which they had to win. They just didn’t know that it was going to 
be that tough, because we were leading in every swing state by so much, far greater than 
they ever thought possible. While it has long been understood that the Democrat 
political machine engages in voter fraud from Detroit to Philadelphia, to Milwaukee, Atlanta, 
so many other places. What changed this year was the Democrat party’s relentless push to print 
and mail out tens of millions of ballots sent to unknown recipients with virtually no 
safeguards of any kind. This allowed fraud and abuse to occur in a scale never seen before. 
Using the pandemic as a pretext, Democrat politicians and judges drastically changed election 
procedures just months, and in some cases, weeks before the election on the 3rd of November.
Thank you very much and hello, Kenosha. It’s nice to be back. It’s nice to be back. We spent a 
little time with you, a little law and order. We brought law and order to Kenosha. Right? 
That’s what we want. And hello, Wisconsin. Big day, tomorrow, big, big day, big day. And I 
think we’re going to do very well in Wisconsin just like we did four years ago. And it’s an 
honor to be with you. Thank you.
And this is a lot of people. This is a lot of people. See, you know what that means? 
That means we don’t have to pay for the microphones because they did a bad job. Tomorrow, we 
are going to win this state and we are going to win four more years in the White House. 
And with your vote, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut regulations, support our police, 
support our great military, protect your second amendment. It’s under siege, but don’t 
worry about it, unless sleepy Joe got in, then you can forget about your second amendment, 
defend religious liberty and ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful 
phrase, Made in the USA.
Next year we will be, and you know, we’re going to be together next year. We’re going 
to be together for four more years and we’re going to be together forever 
because we’re doing things that nobody’s ever done and we’re doing them together. 
And it was my pleasure to be with you a number of months ago when you were in the news, right? 
You were in the news.
Thank you Fayetteville and North Carolina. Thank you very much. Tomorrow, we are going to 
win this state and we are going to win four more years in our great White House. 
With your vote, we will continue to cut your taxes, cut regulations, support our great police, 
support our fantastic military, care for our veterans, protect your second 
amendment, defend religious liberty and ensure more products are proudly stamped 
with that wonderful phrase, “Made in the USA.” Next year will be the greatest economic year 
in the history of our country. Under my leadership, our economy is now growing at the 
fastest rate ever recorded. 33.1% just announced last week. We created a record 11.4 million 
jobs in the last five months. It’s a number that we never even thought possible, nobody did. 
Nobody thought it was possible and we’re going to now even do 
better than that. It’s going very rapidly.
While foreign nations are in a free fall, you see what’s going on with so many nations 
in Europe, unfortunately. I say that with sadness. We are creating an 
economic powerhouse unrivaled anywhere in the world. A recent Gallup poll found that 56% of 
Americans say they are better off today than they were four years ago, under 
Obama and Biden. You got to remember that, you got to remember that kind of thing. 
They didn’t do a good job. In fact, if they did, I wouldn’t have runned. If they did, I 
wouldn’t be here right now. They did a bad job. And Obama, he went out yesterday with Biden. 
They got like 14 people, they didn’t have too many. They didn’t have too good a 
crowd and we have five of these today. Five. We have some big ones. Thank you.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you and I love you, too, and I appreciate that. We appreciate it.
I was thinking coming in because I watch these fake polls, everyone, no matter if we’re up 
by 10, if we know we’re going to win easily, he’s down by one point, he’s down by one… I just 
watch this fake stuff and I’m saying to myself, you know, we’ve been under a phony, fake 
hoax investigation for three years, nothing but bad and really corrupt publicity from these 
people. And I say-
I wonder what the difference would have been had it been legit, had it been legit. 
And it turned out to be just the opposite. They were the ones who committed the crimes, not us. 
But I wonder what it would have been. It probably would have been a little bit easier, 
but you know the good news, we’re going to win anyway. We’re going to shove it.
We’re going to win anyway. I wonder what it would’ve been. I wonder what it would’ve been if 
all of the nonsense wasn’t brought up.
Thank you very much.
He was a cheerleader for NAFTA and China’s entry into the World Trade Organization. 
North Carolina lost 50% of all manufacturing jobs after those Biden betrayals. And now he 
says, “Oh, I’m going to …” he’s trying to follow my policy. He’s trying to follow my policy. 
He’s not going to do my policy has been doing this for 47 years plus, and for eight years as 
vice president, which is only three and a half years ago. Joe Biden is a corrupt politician 
who raked in millions from China while giving them your jobs. He’s a corrupt politician, 
you see it. Now they say the laptop Schiff, that watermelon head, Schiff. “That laptop was 
produced by Russia.” Here we go again, Russia. Russia, Russia. Here we go again. Can 
you imagine what they must think of it? These people are crazy. No, it was produced by 
where’s Hunter? That’s right, it was produced by [inaudible 00:02:39]. No, Schiff knows. He 
a psycho in many ways, but he knows, it’s a total con game. I had to put up with it for 
three years and it affects it. When you see nothing but negative television every night, every 
night, every night. And then they find totally no collusion after wasting $48 million, 18 
people, think of it. And then it’s no collusion, but then you have to run. But you’ve 
had three years of horrible publicity and they did it. I mean, they did it. They were the 
criminals. Hillary was a criminal. She deleted her emails. People go to jail for that.
Because it was like this thing floating around. Then they come up again, “Sir, are you sure 
you don’t have anything to do with Russia?” I said, “I have nothing to do with Russia. 
What the hell are you talking?” And you hear it four or five times, then you get into office 
and they come up with this scheme and this plot, it was a plot to overthrow the government 
of the United States. And then we have people that just don’t act fast. It’s just 
unbelievable. We have so much information. We have the whole thing, and Obama was involved 
and Biden was involved. They were involved, but let’s see what happens. People should 
move more quickly. In 2016, North Carolina voted to fire this corrupt political 
establishment. And you elected an outsider as president who is finally putting America first 
And if I don’t sound like a typical Washington politician is because I’m not a politician. 
If I don’t always play by the rules of the Washington establishment, it’s because I was 
elected to fight for you and I fight harder than any president has ever fought for his 
people. Thank you. Thank you.
And we’ll send them a signal like they’ve never seen before. This has not happened to them. 
“Big tech is so powerful. You can’t beat big tech.” They’re saying this. And I see it on 
Twitter. Trending, trending. It’s not trending. They put the most boring thing. 
Anything bad about me. Number one in the world on trend. Boring stuff. As opposed to affairs, 
scandals, that they didn’t even put that stuff up. It’s always Trump, two, three, 
four, or five items. It’s a fix. It’s a fix. This is a smart guy. We have his name. Everybody 
knows who he is. And I’m not talking about the primary. I’m talking about people that work. 
They take stuff out of a hat. “Let’s see? This is bad about Trump. Let’s make it worse. 
Okay, we’ll make it worse.” Number one trend in the whole world. No, that’s not stuff that 
trends, but these are phony guys. They fix the elections and you know what?
And not everybody, but a big, vast majority, a vast majority. Not everybody. Look at us, 
we catch Hunter and Joe cheating. We catch them stealing millions of dollars. They refuse to 
write a story. Could you imagine if I got three and a half million dollars from the 
mayor of Moscow’s wife? Could you imagine? Somebody gave me three and a half million bucks? 
Somebody gave me $20. They impeached me because they made a perfect phone call to the 
head of Ukraine. I never met the gentlemen. “Congratulations on your win. If you see anything 
corrupt, please call the attorney general of the United States.” And we have a corruption 
agreement with them because it’s been a very corrupt country. I actually have an obligation. 
Now, of course they impeached before they found out, before I decided to release the phone 
call. Isn’t it lucky that I had that call transcribed?
I got a nice endorsement from, did you say from Pennsylvania yesterday, right? Pittsburgh 
Gazette. That was nice. Once I got through that first paragraph, it was phenomenal, 
actually. They said, “We don’t love his personality. We don’t love his tough.” I have to 
be tough. Look, I’ve been under investigation from before I ever became president. 
I have to be tough. If I were soft, I wouldn’t be here right now. And they don’t want to say 
that. I was under a fake investigation by a lot of fake people. Bob Mueller and his crew, 
the whole thing was a fake scam that should have never been started. And they knew the answer 
to the first day, but it took him two and a half years to put it down, no collusion, but 
they knew the answer the first day. So I was under investigation for the first two 
and a half years. Think of that. And then they say, “He’s tough.” But I’ll take it anyway. 
I’ll take their endorsement anyway. Because once you get over the first paragraph or two, 
it says all of the things we’ve done, which are incredible, which are incredible.
Who hates you or by an outsider who will defend you like you have never been defended before. 
I didn’t need this job. I had a very nice life, but I love what we’re doing for our 
country. Nobody’s done so much. Nobody, no administration and I never even had a challenge 
on this from the fake news. Normally, if you say something slightly off, they make a big 
deal. No administration, president has done more in the first three and a half years then we 
have, our military we rebuilt, our tax cut, our regulation cuts, Space Force. It’s just 
a thing like Space Force. I never even talked about Space Force during the campaign. 
I did more than I actually talked about during the campaign. Thank you. Thank you very much. 
I thought this was a small little cute area. This is a small little cute area. When I 
came in, I’m watching Fox and a gentlemen and anchor said, “They have a small crowd 
of about 2000, 2,500. Nah, I knew. I knew.” It’s an incredible thing. This is a lot more than 
that. This is a lot of people. This is a lot more than I wanted to do because 
[inaudible 00:39:51]. I mean, my granddaughter is named Carolina. Do you know that? And 
we’ll give South Carolina some credit too. They’ve been waiting. Is that okay? I want to get 
your permission. South Carolina is great. They are great people too. A vote for Biden is a 
vote to hand the keys to government over to people who despise you and who want to 
rob your children of their American dream. That’s what they’re doing. A vote for Biden is a 
vote to give control of government over to the globalist, communist, socialist, 
the wealthy liberal hypocrites who want to silent, censor, cancel and punish you. If you 
want your children to be safe and remember this, against… I’ll put it very simply, against 
the second amendment.
That’s great. I’m good. I’m very happy with that. We got to get him and he’s a good man, 
a good man. And your wife was great the other night. We had a great rally the other night and 
you are well-represented, let me tell you, very well. Congratulations. Well, let’s save 
that for tomorrow or the next day, or as the Supreme Court would say, “Sometime into the 
future.” What a ruling. What a ruling. What a horrible thing that they’ve done. 
Do you know that puts our country in danger? Do you know what can happen during that 
long period of time Pennsylvania? The long period of time, do you know 
what can happen? Number one, cheating can happen like you’ve never seen. This is their 
dream and they are known for it. The Philadelphia area is known for it, but what can 
happen during that long period of time is just a disgrace. Get the ballots in and have them in 
long before the third and have them counted before the third and have an election where we 
can say to the world that we know who won and we know who lost. I’m just so tired of some of 
these horrible political decisions that are being made. It’s a shame. It’s a shame. 
And I won’t get into it too much, but I’m going to start getting into it because they’re 
hurting our country very badly.
Mass Amnesty wants to give them free healthcare. This is for illegal aliens 
and wants to keep deadly sanctuary cities. Your state has a sanctuary city. You know that, 
right? You have a sanctuary city, right? A very big one, actually, that doesn’t work 
very well. We believe our city should be sanctuaries for law abiding Americans, not criminals 
aliens. The Biden-Harris plan would increase refugees from terrorist nations by a 
staggering 700%. This has been a great term. This has been a great term. No thank you, fellas. 
I’m not interested. I’m keeping radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country. If I 
have the approval of North Carolina, I will keep them out. We’re going to keep them out. 
We invested $2.5 trillion in the US military. We have the greatest equipment, greatest people. 
2.5 trillion. You think that was easy to get from the Democrats? Actually the wall was 
even tougher. The wall was tougher but we got. Do you notice once I got the wall 
started and got all the funding, won all the court cases against the Democrats, the press 
never talks about it anymore. They don’t talk about it. We had the best statistics, 
the best…
And can you imagine during the pandemic, because Mexico’s very heavily unfortunately 
infected and it was a good thing that we had it up that’s why the numbers are 
so good. We also passed for our great vets, VA Choice and VA Accountability. Nobody thought 
that could happen. We obliterated 100% of the ISIS caliphate. We killed the leader of 
ISIS, al- Baghdadi is dead. Last week, I visited Fort Bragg where I presented the Presidential 
Unit Citation to the special forces team that achieved that historic victory. 
It was good. And we are keeping the name Fort Bragg, you do know that, right? Do you agree. 
They want cancel culture. We won two world wars out of Fort Bragg and we have other 
forts and we’re keeping it. We won two world wars out of Fort Bragg. And now they say, 
“Let’s change the name. Let’s change the name of Fort Bragg. We’ll pick somebody 
else. Do you have any good suggestions?” No, no. We have to keep. We have to keep. It’s our 
culture. It’s our heritage. So many victories, so many victories out of Fort 
Bragg. We also eliminated the world’s top terrorist, Soleimani is dead. I recognize the 
capital of Israel and opened the American embassy in Jerusalem. 
I also recognized Israeli sovereignty over the Golan Heights. 52 years they tried 
to get it. And instead of endless war in the Middle East we’re forging peace. They are lined 
up to come in.
And we picked two other great ones and we’re very happy. We have three Justices of 
the Supreme Court. Many Presidents have never had a pick, they’ve never had a pick and I’ve 
had three, that’s just blowing their mind. Look, they’re saying, “How the hell did 
this happen? This guy is driving us crazy.” Well, the other thing we’ve done is, thank you to 
President Obama, he was unable to get anybody approved, he waited so long and we had 
little help too with the Senate to put it mildly, but he waited so long if you go early enough, 
you’ll get them through. And we ended up with 142 federal judges, but that’s nothing. 
So we’ll have, by the end of my first term, we’re going to have almost 300, could be more, 
300 approximately 300 federal judges. So that’s 300 federal judges, three Justices of the 
United States Supreme Court. But Bernie never created a list, I have a list, 
so I take one from the list. People didn’t like it, they don’t vote for it because it’s they 
say the most important thing that a President does is Supreme Court Justices and 
judges. And he hasn’t given us the answer yet and he hasn’t given us a list and he can’t 
because they want far left maniacs and he won’t be able to get the votes. So you know what? 
He’s tapping you along, he doesn’t know he’s doing it, but he’s actually doing 
a very good job of it because people are voting and he still hasn’t given a list and he 
hasn’t said whether or not he’s going to pack the court. Look, nobody in this group is voting 
for this guy, nobody. He’s not qualified, he wasn’t Qualified in primetime, 25 years ago, 
he wasn’t qualified because he was never known as being the brightest bulb in the Lot. When 
it comes to your second amendment, they want to shred it. They want to abolish 
religious liberty and they want to ban God from the public square and you’ve seen that. So 
the Pledge of Allegiance during the Democrat convention, right? See, it’s supposed to be 
democratic, but it’s really not, it’s Democrat. Doesn’t sound as good that’s why I use it all 
the time.
That’s really nice, I’ll tell you. That’s never been a chant that anybody’s ever heard. 
Even Chuck Grassley has never heard. We love Chuck Grassley, don’t we? No, 
but I’ve never heard of that one, Chuck. Not Reagan, not anybody, they’ve never heard, so 
it’s good. I appreciate it very much and I love you too, I do. We’ve developed 
groundbreaking therapeutics, excuse me, here I am. I took something that was pretty good 
because I woke up and I said, “I feel great, boom, Superman, right?” That’s true. 
And the first lady got it and Baron got it, now Barron’s a young guy, 14 and the doctor came 
to see me and he said, “Sir, your son tested positive.” I said, “For what? Tested 
positive for what?” “For COVID.” I think he used COVID, there’s about 29 different names we 
can use, the China plague. I think he used COVID, “He tested for COVID,” and I go, 
“Wow, that’s bad, that’s not good.”
Well thank you very much. Thank you. What a crowd. This is a very great place. We had a 
great victory here four years ago. And I just noticed their happened to be a poll out, 
that came out last night, that has a very, very substantial margin. 
We’re very happy with it. We’re very happy with it, and we’re very happy with Iowa, thank you 
very much Iowa. And we appreciate it. And we’ve had a great run together, 
and I’ve been working very hard with the farmers, and making them hopefully very rich. 
Making them very rich, and very successful, and hello to everyone here also 
from Wisconsin. We have a lot of people from Wisconsin.
All right. Let’s see. Who is from Iowa? And who is from Wisconsin? All right. That’s not 
terrible. That’s not bad. We just left Wisconsin, and we’re going 
back to Wisconsin. Two days from now we are going to win Iowa and we are going to win 
Wisconsin. And we are going to win four more years in that very 
beautiful White House. With your vote we will continue to cut your taxes, cut regulations, 
and ensure that more products are made, and raised, and grown in the USA. That’s what’s 
happening. That’s what’s happening.