This week marked another tragic milestone in our fight against COVID-19. More than 
3000 deaths in one single day, the highest single death count during this pandemic. 
That’s more deaths in a single day than we saw on 9/11 or Pearl Harbor, this is serious 
business. And the current director of the CDC said yesterday, “We can expect the similar 
numbers of death or more every single day for the next 60 to 90 days.” We’re in a teeth for 
crisis right now and this nation needs presidential leadership right now, a presidential 
leadership that is willing to model the steps we should be taking to save our own lives 
and lives of our families.We can wish this away but we have to face it head on, we have to 
take it head on. Using every power available to me as president, we’ll have a national 
coordinated strategy that will beat this virus. And as tough as things are now I 
firmly believe better days are ahead. We’ve got some good news was yesterday. The FDA 
Committee, I should say, recommended emergency use authorization for Pfizer’s BioiNTech 
COVID-19 vaccine, but we’re grateful for the scientists not only there but other great 
organizations, researchers to develop this vaccine and several others on the way.
And we’re just as grateful to the scientists and the public experts who evaluated its safety 
and efficiency free from political influence. I want to make it clear to the public, you 
should have confidence in this. There is no political influence, these are first-rate 
scientists taking their time looking at all of the elements that need to be looked at. 
Scientific integrity led us to this point.We know the immense challenges and hard work ahead. 
Earlier this week, I announced our COVID response team that will scale up the manufacturing, 
distribution, and injection of the vaccine. We set a bold and doable challenge in my first 100 
days, 100 million shots in 100 days, asking the American people to wear masks for the first 
100 days of our administration. Now, if we get the necessary funding from Congress we can 
get most of our schools open in 100 days but we need the help from the Congress and the 
funding the first 100 days won’t end the COVID-19 but meeting those goals can slow the spread, 
save lives and get us back to our lives with the people we love the most. And we’ll also be 
getting the right people confirmed during this period of time and in place to manage robust, 
aggressive plan to contain the virus, help us build back better than ever and make sure 
everyone is included.Now today, I’m really pleased to add members to my team that will get the 
job done. In addition to the pandemic’s grim milestone the economic crisis has left millions 
of Americans out of work, without a paycheck, without health insurance. Unable to put enough 
food on the table, literally unable to put food on the table, and unsure whether they can pay 
their rent when the new year begins, or make their mortgage payments. It’s affecting everyone 
from farmers to students, seniors to veterans, in red states, blue states, small towns and big 
cities.And that’s why the Congress needs to act and act now on the COVID package. I spoke to 
my two friends who are still in the Congress, the vice-president and the soon to be secretary 
have heard. We have to get this done, they’re pushing hard. But it doesn’t look so good right 
now, but it has to get done before they go home. Millions and millions of Americans simply 
can’t wait any longer. We shouldn’t, we can’t get bogged down in issues that don’t help 
people. State and local governments need help. Not only that, as I said for months we 
need to protect essential personnel like law enforcement, firefighters, to make sure everything 
is in place and effectively distribute with the vaccine so that we can do that. 
This relief package won’t be at the total answer even if it gets passed but it’s an important 
first step. There’s so much we have to do.These crises have ripped the blinders right 
off the systemic racism that exists in America, the American people now can see clearly. Black, 
Latino, Native American are nearly three times more are likely to die from COVID 
and more likely to get COVID to begin with. Black and Latino unemployment rates too large, 
too high. Communities of color are left to ask whether they’ll ever be able to break the cycle 
where in good times they like, in bad times they’re hit first and the hardest and in recovery 
they take the longest to bounce back.vice president-elect Harris and I knew we have our work 
cut out for us when we got elected but we also knew we could build a team that would meet this 
unique and challenging moment in American history. Some are familiar faces, some are new 
in their roles. All are facing new circumstances and challenges. That’s a good thing. They 
bring deep experience and bold new thinking. Above all, they know how government should and can 
work for all Americans. For Secretary of Agriculture I nominate Tom Vilsack, an outstanding 
two-term governor of Iowa. The best secretary of agriculture I believe this has ever had. 
He was there when the great recession was pummeling rural America. Over eight years he oversaw 
a record-breaking investment to bring us back. He implemented the Recovery Act to help rural 
communities recover and rebuild. Tom helped expand markets around the world for American 
farmers. He improved our food safety standards and helped millions of children and families 
receive healthy meals. He wasn’t anxious to come back, he wasn’t looking for this job but I 
was persistent. And I asked him to serve again in this role because he knows the USDA inside 
and out, he knows the government inside and out. We need that experience now. One in six 
Americans and a quarter, a quarter of the children in America are facing hungry. 
The opioid crisis in rural America is a rural America crisis, as is the climate crisis with 
droughts, floods, wiping out crops in small towns. Farmers and small businesses in small 
towns, rural communities, white, black, Latino are reeling from the pandemic and 
economic downturn. Tom knows the full range of resources available to this department to get 
immediate relief to those most in need and address the crises, not one, the crises facing rural 
America. He knows how to build back better for all Americans. He helped develop my rural plan 
for America in the campaign and he now has the dubious distinction of having to carry it out. 
It’s a good plan. That includes making American agriculture the first in the world to 
achieve net zero emissions and create new sources of income for farmers in the process by 
paying farmers to put their land in conservation, plant cover crops that use the soil to 
capture carbon. And he will ensure that USDA promotes true racial equality and inclusion. 
He recognizes the history of discrimination and will root it out wherever it exists. 
I’ve known Tom for a long time and I’m confident he’ll get it done.
For Secretary of Housing and Urban Development I am really pleased to nominate Congressman 
Marcia Fudge. I might add you could do many jobs beyond the one I’m asking you to do but I 
think the job I’m asking you to do Congresswoman is critically important to everything that 
the vice president and I believe is how we’re going to build back better. As a former mayor 
she understands how to manage challenges and forge solutions at a local level. For 12 years in 
Congress she’s represented the great City of Cleveland. Though I think of her most significant 
political feat was being elected President of Deltas. I know from this day how powerful the 
Deltas are. You think I’m kidding, I’m not.
She developed an entire career for fighting for working people on issues from affordable 
housing to urban revitalization. During the great recession, her district was hit hard by 
the housing crisis. She spent the past decade working to improve blighted neighborhoods, 
create safer, more affordable communities. She also understands where you live impacts on 
your health, access to education, jobs, and economic opportunity. Zip code should not determine 
the outcomes on all those issues. She’s going to bring that same vision as HUD Secretary 
using every lever at her disposal to help the millions of Americans facing evictions, trying 
to pay for their mortgages, to find their way through this crisis.
And I think you’ll see that she’s going to lead our charge to make housing more affordable 
and accessible. She worked to increase home ownership as a means towards wealth generation. 
Particularly for communities of color it’s not just dealing with the other issues, we have to 
be able to build wealth in communities of color. And she’s also going to help us build back 
better by working across the ideological spectrum to fulfill the promise of HUD’s mission.
And here’s what its mission is, it’s often forgotten, “To create strong, sustainable, 
inclusive communities and quality, affordable homes for all.” Marcia will be the first woman 
to lead HUD for more than 40 years and just the second black woman ever. I’m honored to have 
her serve and thank her for being willing to do it in the Biden-Harris administration at 
this critical moment in our nation’s history.
And for Secretary of Veteran Affairs I nominate Denis McDonough, former White House Chief 
of Staff, Deputy National Security Advisor, deep experience on Capitol Hill. I’ve known Dennis 
for a long time. He shares my belief that we have many obligations as a nation. We have only 
one truly sacred obligation, to prepare and equip our troops that we send into harm’s way 
and then to care for them and their families when they return. He regularly traveled as I did 
to Iraq and Afghanistan to meet directly with our service members, to see what they were going 
through, to understand the strain and the impact on them and their families.
He visits them as I did often at Walter Reed to see firsthand the visible and invisible 
wounds they brought home. He knows the cost of war on veterans and their families. From the 
toll on their physical and mental health, to the access to good-paying jobs. And he’s a fierce 
advocate and a relentless workhorse and I believe and I think everyone who has ever worked 
with him knows he’s a world-class manager with an…
I think everyone who’s ever worked with him knows he’s a world-class manager with an innate 
understanding for how government can and must work for our veterans. He worked closely 
with our then VA secretary, Bob McDonald, and with the Congress to increase VA funding to 
ensure veterans get the benefits they earned and they deserve. And by the way, he knows, 
we have a very, very steep hill to climb in getting more funding, more docs, more 
psychiatric nurses, more folks out of the private sector into, into the VA. That includes 
implementing Veterans Choice, a bill led by my friend, Bernie Sanders, and my late friend 
and American hero, John McCain, and signed into law by President Obama in 2014 to help 
veterans access quality healthcare that they need when they need it. And this role, 
I’ve given Dennis a clear mission, fight like hell. Fight like hell for our veterans and 
their families. And anyone who has worked with Dennis will tell you, he’ll move heaven 
and earth to fix any problem, to get the job done. He’ll also work closely with our secretary 
of defense designated, Lloyd Austin, and the entire cabinet and Jill as first lady to pull 
every lever to help us build back the VA better than ever. And Dennis, it’s a family endeavor. 
His wife, Carrie, leads a nonprofit that helps connect veterans and military families with 
local communities so they can help each other out and build a stronger country together. 
Both our spouses feel incredibly strongly about this and have for some time. To all the 
veterans and military families, nominating a VA secretary is one of the most important 
decisions I believe a president can make, and Dennis will always be there for you, 
I promise you, always fighting for you, as will the vice-president and I.
For the United States Trade Representative, I’ve nominated Katherine Thai, a trusted trade 
expert, a dedicated public servant who knows government and who’s spent her career leveling 
the playing field for American workers and their families. That’s not hyperbole, that’s a 
fact. She currently serves as the chief lawyer on trade for the powerful House Ways and Means 
Committee. She earned praise for both lawmakers and both political parties and from both 
labor and business as well. Now that’s a feat across the board, but all kidding aside, you 
have. I’ve gotten more calls complimented me on your appointment than you can imagine. 
During the Obama-Biden administration, she was the chief trade enforcer against unfair 
trade practices by China, which will be a key priority in the Biden-Harris administration.
She understands that we need to be considerably more strategic than we’ve been in how we 
trade and that makes us all stronger, how we’re made stronger by trade. One that leaves nobody 
behind. She’s going to work closely with my economic and national security and foreign 
policy teams. Trade will be a critical pillar in our ability to build back better and carry 
out our foreign policy, foreign policy for the middle class. When I announced my candidacy, 
I talked about a foreign policy for the middle class, and I meant that in the literal sense. 
She also brings a sophisticated understanding of the threats of climate change to trade as 
well as addresses the climate crisis with urgency. She also embodies a powerful immigration 
story of America. Her parents were both born in China. They moved to Taiwan and then came to 
the United States where Katherine was born. 
Her parents became government scientists at Walter Reed and NIH, inspiring their daughter 
to pursue a career in public service. Katherine says she’s the first American born 
member of her family and a second generation US government servant. That’s a great way of 
expressing it. If confirmed, she’d be the first Asian American and the first woman of 
color to serve in this position. In our nation, our economy, our workers, our businesses, 
we are fortunate to have her serve in this role. As director of the White House 
Domestic Policy Council, I spent some time convincing this wonderful public servant, 
but I’m appointing Susan Rice, former United States ambassador to the United Nations, 
former national security advisor to President Obama, former cabinet member, team player, 
policy heavyweight, tough negotiator, and trusted and tested public servant, 
who I’ve known for a long time and not only admired, but become friends with.
Please be seated. Good afternoon. Today it’s my great honor and it really is an honor to add 
to my NASA security team leader of extraordinary courage, character, experience, and 
accomplishment. And a man who I’ve seen some of the more interesting parts of the world with 
when I was vice president. Someone with whom I have worked closely for many years and I’ve 
seen perform to the highest standards under intense pressure. Someone who I hold in 
the highest personal regard as a man of great decency and a man of dignity.
In my judgment, there’s no question that he is the right person for this job at the right 
moment, leading the Department of Defense at this moment in our nation’s history. He’s 
led major coalitions of allies and partners to fight terrorism and it took some real 
diplomatic capacity to get that done. He’s overseeing some of the most complex logistical 
efforts ever undertaken by the United States military. Helped end a war and literally 
bring tens of thousands of troops home safely.
He’s loved by the men and women of the armed forces, feared by our adversaries, 
known and respected by our allies. And he shares my deeply held belief in the values of 
America’s alliances. And he is just as committed as I am to rebuilding and modernizing those 
alliance from the Asia-Pacific to Europe and around the world. Through sheer determination 
and extraordinary skill, he’s been breaking down barriers and blazing a trail forward in 
this nation for many years now, for more than 40 years. And he has a long way to go and going 
to do it again.
And so today I’m honored to nominate former General Lloyd Austin as the 28th Secretary 
of Defense. I want to thank you, General. You’re a friend, but I want to thank 
you General Austin for once more stepping forward to serve your nation. This is not a post he 
sought, but I sought him. And I want to thank you and your family for once again 
sharing you with our country and thanks Charlene.
Today, I know how proud they all are of you, all four of your children, your older sisters and 
your brother. I knew the reason why you’re a good man, you had to have sisters to raise 
you along the way, right? I know mine did me and she’s much younger. And your incredible wife, 
Charlene and I mean that sincerely. Tomorrow, I’m told that Jill and Charlene are going to 
spend some time together sending off packages to our soldiers abroad.
She and Jill are both passionate about supporting military spouses and families. And I know 
they’ll be powerful advocates for that community together. And they’re going to both be working 
at the White House and the defense department together to make sure our families are 
[inaudible 00:07:19] I said before General, American only has many obligation, one sacred 
obligation to care and equip those we send the war and care for their families when 
they’re gone and to care for them when they come home and their families.
I got to know General Austin during my early days as vice president. President Obama 
had charged me with overseeing the end of Operation Iraqi Freedom and ensuring the orderly 
withdrawal of our forces and equipment from Iraq. General Austin was with me on the ground, 
not just for meetings with troops or for military strategy sessions. He was there when 
I was working with Iraq political leaders, I watched his political skill and how he dealt with 
them. They respected him across the board.
With them. They respected him across the board. When I met with the leaders of our 
coalition partners, the same thing. He was there during one particularly memorable incident 
when we were at a meeting at the ambassador’s residence in the Green Zone. The 
insurgents launched a rocket attack on the House. Of course, General Austin, it was just 
another day at the office. He just sat there and kept right on going, so I sat there and kept 
right on going and wondered, “What in the hell are they doing?” But he’s cool under 
fire, inspiring the same and all those around him. That’s Lloyd Austin.
He was the person President Obama and I entrusted with the incredible task of bringing 
home America’s forces and redeploying our military equipment safely out of Iraq. 
It was the largest logistical operation undertaken by the army in 60 years. Getting it 
done required much more than the military know-how. General Austin was a diplomat. 
It was not an easy task. He built relationships with our Iraqi counterparts and with our 
coalition partners. He was a statesman representing our country with a skill at tables that 
I’ve sat with him with foreign leaders, and I wondered whether or not he was from the 
State Department or from the Defense Department, both military and civilians. 
I’m not exaggerating. He has a way about him, and always, above all, he’s looked out for 
his people. That’s why he was known as the soldiers’ leader.
In this time in the United States Army, Lloyd Austin met every single challenge with 
extraordinary skill and profound personal decency. He’s the definition of duty, honor, 
country. At every step, he challenged the institutions that he loves to grow more 
inclusive and more diversive. He was the 200th person ever to attain the rank of a four-star 
general, but only the sixth African-American to ever do that. He was the 
first African-American general officer to lead the Army Corps in combat. He was the first 
African-American to command an entire theater of war, and, if confirmed, he’ll be the first 
African-American at the helm of the Defense Department in well over 200 years, another 
milestone, and he’s a barrier-breaking career, has been like this throughout his career.
Lloyd Austin retired from the military service more than four years ago, but the law states 
that an officer must have left the service seven years before becoming secretary of defense. 
There’s a good reason for this law that I fully understand and respect. I would not be asking 
for this exception if I did not believe this moment in our history didn’t call for it. It 
does call for it and if I didn’t have the faith I have in Lloyd Austin to ask for it. 
I believe in the importance of civilian control of the military, so does the 
Secretary-designate Austin. He’ll be bolstered by a strong and empowered civilian sector and 
senior officers, senior officials, I should say, working to shape DOD’s policies and 
ensure that our defense policies are accountable to the American people. Civilian military 
dynamic, that dynamic itself has been under great stress the past four years. 
I know that Secretary-designee Austin is going to work tirelessly to get it back on track. 
I have personally worked with this man. I’ve seen him lead American fighting forces on 
the field of battle. I’ve also watched him faithfully carry out the orders of the 
civilian leadership of this nation. There’s no doubt in my mind, not any doubt whatsoever, 
whether this nominee will honor, respect, and on a day-to-day basis breathe life 
into the preeminent principle of civilian leadership over military matters in our nation. 
I know this man. I know his respect for our constitution. I know his respect for our 
system of government. Just as they did for Secretary Jim Mattis, I asked the Congress to 
grant a waiver for Secretary-designee Austin.
His many strengths and his intimate knowledge of the Department of Defense and our 
government I think are uniquely suited for the challenges we face now, the crisis we face now. 
He is the person we need at this moment, in my opinion. Given the urgent threat and 
challenges of our nation’s forces, he should be confirmed swiftly. We need his experience 
in large scale logistical operations to help support the swift and equitable distribution 
of COVID-19 vaccines. We need his experience building and managing relationships, engaging 
in diplomacy with our partners to help rebuild America’s alliance and strengthen our 
shared security, and we need his firsthand knowledge of the immeasurable costs of war and the 
burden of places on our service members and their families to help bring to an end the 
forever wars and ensure that the use of force is the last tool in our toolbox, the last tool 
resorted to to protect our national security, not the first.
We need his deep understanding of the Pentagon to help reform the Defense Department. We need 
his personal experience helping inform our efforts to ensure that our armed forces 
reflect the full strength and diversity of our nation, that black, Latino, Asian American, 
Native American, women, men, LGBT, service members are treated with dignity and respect at a 
time when, listen to this, more 40% of our active duty forces are people of color. 
It’s long past time that the department’s leadership reflects that diversity, and 
we need his in-depth understanding of what it takes to deter threats wherever they arise and 
to defend the American people, our vital interests, and our allies from harm just as he did 
when he was designated to lead the strategy together with the dozen of partner nations 
to ultimately crush ISIS. If you don’t think that required some diplomatic skill putting 
that group together, then you don’t understand what was going on. He did a heck of a job.
Threats we face today are not the same as those we faced 10 years ago or 
even 5 years ago. We must prepare to meet the challenges for the future, of the future, not 
just keeping fighting wars of the past. We must build a foreign policy that leads 
with diplomacy, revitalizes state department, revitalizes our alliances, putting 
American leadership back at the table and rallying the world to meet global threats of our 
security, from pandemics to climate change, from nuclear proliferation to the refugee crisis.
As part of our diverse national security leadership team, Lloyd Austin knows how to do 
this work. Before I turn the podium over to the Secretary-designee Austin, I want to end on a 
note of personal privilege. As a leader, General Austin has always followed the advice 
given to him by his first platoon sergeant. As my son, Beau Biden, who was a major in the 
military, I said, “Now your a field-grade officer.” He said, “I don’t have any illusions, 
Dad.” He said, “I know who runs the United States Army. Platoon sergeants.” Here’s what his 
platoon sergeant told him. ” If you focus on your people, take… ”
“If you focus on your people, take care of them, get out in front and lead them, they’ll 
refuse to let you fail.” That’s why he’s inspired so many young people who work for him and 
give their very best to live up to his example of leadership. Including for a time, a young 
lawyer serving a year in Iraq as a captain with his Delaware National Guard unit, my son 
Beau Biden. I know how proud Beau was to serve on the general’s staff, Gen. Austin’s staff. 
And I know that under your leadership, General, the Department of Defense will advance the 
security of the American people in ways that always, always, always honor our highest values 
and ideals. So I thank you again, General. May God bless America, and may God protect our 
troops, and now I’d like to turn it over to Gen. Austin, the secretary-designee for the 
Department of Defense.
Mr. President-elect and Madam Vice President-elect Harris, thank you for your trust and your 
confidence and for the opportunity to serve as the 28th Secretary of Defense. If confirmed 
by the United States Senate, it will be my sincere honor and privilege to return to the 
department and to lead our great service members and civilians in accomplishing the mission of 
ensuring our nation’s security. Back in 1877, a young man from the small town of Thomasville, 
Georgia, Henry Ossian Flipper, became the first African American to graduate from the United 
States Military Academy at West Point. After his commissioning, he was assigned to one of 
the Army’s all-Black regiments. He became the first non-white officer to lead the Buffalo 
Soldiers of the 10th Cavalry.